[[!meta title="March 2017 online meeting"]]

[[!toc levels=2]]


# Hole in the roof

intrigeri will work on [[!tails_ticket 8449 desc="Tails Upgrader fails to install some IUKs"]] and the related [[!tails_ticket 11839 desc="After automatic upgrade from Tails 2.5 to 2.6, keyboard and mouse stop working"]].
emmapeel will see if she can take care of [[!tails_ticket 5597 desc="obfsproxy design documentation"]].


# Volunteers to handle important tickets flagged for next release, but without assignee

All the tickets for Tails 2.12 were already assigned!


# Availability

* emmapeel will be in Valencia with sajolida... plans to warm up to some funders, localisation lab, guardian project people. also pushing for the spanish translation of course
* intrigeri: plans: mostly reproducible builds sprint, Stretch sprint, Tor dev meeting. maybe start working on my keynote for cryptorave. and smaller 2.x Foundations Team stuff like tor and Linux upgrades. availability: mostly available for Tails but mostly busy with my commitments.
* spriver: I'll work on #12260 and #5323. and doc updates for 3.0 during the Stretch sprint. availability: medium for Tails, mostly at weekends
* segfault: I plan to work on the Tails Server beta release, but I'm very busy with other stuff, so I'm not sure how much I will be able to work on this. Availablility will be low.


# Important missing bits in the next monthly report

Report not written yet. Emmapeel will do it or mentor someone new until the 12th.


# Discussions

## [[!tails_ticket 6972 desc="Create a 'Sponsors' page"]]

We agreed on listing sponsors by year, and adding the ones for 2016. We postponed the discussion about 2015 and before, and the "when do we clean the 2016 section" topic too. There were no volunteers for this, thus the assignment falls to the fundraising team.


##[[!tails_ticket 12076 desc="Have a sponsor per release"]]

We discussed the concerns about this. Some of us have the feeling this might hurt the public image of the project, making it look cheap or more dependent from sponsors than previously conceived. On the other hand, we acknowledge that the release funding would actually be unrestricted funding, in contrast to other funding which is sometimes only for a specific purpose. It was noted that we need more funding in general and that we would like to have more unrestricted funding. We agreed that we would be ok with this if we make it clear what exactly the sponsor paid for (and what they didn't).


## [[!tails_ticket 11882 desc="Consider disabling recent usage and history in privacy settings by default"]]

We agreed that we are not convinced the proposed patch would be a security improvement. Intrigeri will write a comment on the ticket asking for clarification and explaining our thoughts.


## [[!tails_ticket 12104 desc="Decide whether we can drop DKMS modules support"]]

We acknowledge that losing clipboard sharing is an important UX hit for VirtualBox user. Whether that's a good enough reason to 1. spend tons of time maintaining the DKMS thing; 2. making grsec much harder to get in Tails; was not something we could make up our mind firmly about. But we were leaning towards 'no' as an answer.


## [[!tails_ticket 9003 desc="Cleanup outdated blueprints"]]

We agreed to move the old blueprints to an archive page.

## Other tickets
We postponed the discussions of [[!tails_ticket 9900 desc="Improve Website search"]] and [[!tails_ticket 12214 desc="Consider documenting a way to manually backup persistent data"]]. cbrownstein noted that they would like to work on [[!tails_ticket 12214 desc="Consider documenting a way to manually backup persistent data"]].

